"Frogs have been proven to have roamed the Earth for more than 200 million years."
"The goliath frog of West Africa is the largest frog in the world."
"The Cuban tree toad is known to only grow to half an inch long."
"Frogs can live for more than 20 years in captivity."
"Toads are frogs that have warty and dry skin, as well as shorter hind legs."
"Frogs can jump more than 20 times their body length using their legs."
"The golden poison frog has bold colors as a defense mechanism to warn other predators of their poisonous skin."
"Through evolution, frogs like the Fort Randolph robber frog have evolved to have boldly colored skin due to their coexistance with poisonous frog species."
"Frogs dig burrows in the mud at the bottom of ponds or underground to hibernate."
"The wood frog can survive for weeks with 65 percent of its body frozen."
"The wood frog uses glucose in its blood to keep its vital organs warm and protect tehm from damage while its body freezes."
"Most frogs are freshwater frogs; however, there are some frogs that can live in almost completely salt water."
"Frogs have spectacular night vision and are sensitive to movements."
"Frogs were the first land animal to have vocal cords."
"Male frogs have vocal sacs which are pouches that fill with air and resonates sounds like a megaphone."
"When swallowing food, frogs pull their eyes down to the roof of their mouths to push their food down their throat."
"One gram of poison made by the skin of the golden poison dart frog is enough to kill 100,000 people."
"Every week frogs completely shed their skin and then usually eat it."
"A group of frogs is called an army unlike a group of birds whcih is called a flock."
"The waxy monkey frog produces wax from its neck that is uses to prevent their skin from drying out."
"Most frogs only have an upper jaw full of teeth."
"In Indonesia, there is a frog that has no lungs and breathes entirely through its skin."
"Frogs do not drink water because they absorb it through their skin."
"Asian tree frogs lay their eggs in a tree that is above the water so that the tadpoles land in the water when they hatch."
"Frogs have almost a 180 degree field of vision due to the placement of their eyes."
"Shorter-legged frogs can not jump; instead, they can only crawl, hop, or walk."
"The world's tiniest frog is a Paedophryne amanuensis which is generally the size of a housefly."
"The goliath frog grows up to about 7.1 pounds and has an average life span of 15 years in the wild."
"The goliath frog moves during the night to get its food: fishes, crabs, baby turtles, small snakes, etc."
"Frogs are fond of the moist warm pavement that occurs after it rains."
"Toads do not have teeth like frogs and frogs dont have bumpy, dry skin like toads."
"A new layer of bone forms every year that a frog goes into hibernation."
"There are more than 4,700 species of frogs in the world."
"People who study amphibians and reptiles are called herpetologists."
"The greek word Herpeton, like in herpetologist, means something that crawls."
"You can tell if the frog is female or male based of the size of their ears."
"Male frogs croak in order to attract other female frogs."
"Frogs play a huge role in keeping the world's insect population regulated."
"A fungus called chytrid lives in the water and causes frogs to be unable to breathe or absorb water."
"The Isthmohyla rivularis tree frog is one of the rarest animals in the world and was most recently seen in 2007."
